sauce people welcome
a new video we speak today
full of the recent acts
yes what it is because in the first line
at titan of dear lord in the
middle explains us that here and we
should hard place in this mission
one knows from taking
different game missions like
For example, domination that you have here
a bit connected with each other
the whole called point nomination
and a bit of a change
brought in
yes, of course, you can also see it right away
the second scene that titans one
not so small role in this
play but the nice thing about the game
game is you have definitely the
possibility not to use the titans
and to run as a foot soldier that is
you do not have to share that with her
can also share in auto mode
and you can take him with you
as he proceeds in sharing people
Say how you take flags like you
Kill an opponent that stays completely free
because you have completely free
Freedom of movement So now I have
three times freedom so who said that
not enough that definitely has to be
play game yourself
sometimes i can not see my eyes
let play because it is so blatant
going
you run in one point agree sees it
Here are the bots still with it
it's like you're playing against an opponent
team of pilots and a team
from potsdam that means you have
an opponent team, so to speak
consists of human opponents and out
opponents exists
the whole is really not
annoying but it is so real that one
such a kind of a small one
has a sense of achievement when you have these too
opponent with away scratches but I have to completely
be honest after the first ten
hours shared I'm full
excited about the game because the game
offers a call of duty battlefield
fans really everything you want
One has this close combat action one
has these distance fights one has the
constant explosions cinema dvd
explosions aka michael bay where you
just squats in front of the screen and
Wow really cool
Basically it is structured like that
have a system where you have your pilots
could miss lot that means you can
equip him with a weapon
There are quite normal carbine weapons
there are smbs there lmg it the
but they are really very
kept minimalist so from the he
not to overwhelm
then you serve an antique weapon
so to speak for air defense in
quotation marks
then you have two things that still
can take extra as putty that is
there you can pack something else
then have a tactical ability and
Of course, a grenade clear a pistol
you have it with you, but it will be sooner
used less often
next is it you have one
title going on
that means you can of course your part
new best friend or there as in
call of duty, so to speak, a bit
pimp
You can customize it by choosing one
weapon im gives a tactical ability
there is a second weapon there that it
Rockets, so to speak, similar to ours earlier
already seen in the video then have
her the possibility of two more kids
pack and then it works
Come on
in days full there are several
play it over the classic team
deathmatch mode the title between
means over the mode load standing where
It's about everyone from the team starts
with a second man playing again
a kind of team deathmatch only with titans
and everyone has a life, so to speak
of course it counts the last part of the
survived then is the winner of the
team
then there is the just mentioned
mode hard point domination where it comes from
goes to conquer flags and these to
hold
also a very popular game mode and
then, of course, the mode of opinion
after not missing is capture
the flag here too in the video too
see capture the flag makes of course
with titans fun or even without titans
Here you can do your parcours skills
on the different sizes and
play small cards in any case
and use that to your advantage
Then there is the mode pilote
hunter I personally even now
I could not play, I was somehow
so enthusiastic about the other game modes
soir
and somehow most of the plays
my friend list mostly only the
normal game mode the halt team
based or objective based
the last one is even as a barrier
the pack will just be here
bit mixed by that's for the
interesting that I just want to say
just want everything a bit
yes, if we have such a short time now
Conclusion want to draw on the game what
is that the first thing I can say
yes i think sharing is really very much
very brilliant made you have to start
a game every time this state
bringing a bit of innovation is like that
a kind of start screen
then you can also class his times
lotz adjust there are so-called burn
cards with which you can once again yours
you can boost your skills
Example right at the beginning of the titan
Call you have a deck of 30 cards
exist then you can then this byrne
record cards and always three of them
you can play with them
That's something to share in my opinion
after really very good
What a pity I find something
i also have to honestly say that
I personally had a title fight
bit tactical presented that is
really pure on it and who
just better the hold sooner
winner, but nonetheless is good
it did a full play on everyone
currently at the right time
came because many were simply disappointed
battlefield are and by call of duty
and just a little one
have desired change and with
this game they have on each
case yes then we come to the end of
I was pleased that she watched the videos
you also check it out at 3 x games
if you are looking for current games so far
then your goal servus